fix: remove isTurboModuleEnabled check from docs (#3337)
facebook/react-native-website: docs/the-new-architecture/backward-compatibility-turbomodules.md

import MyModule from 'your-module/src/index';
```

> Since `TurboModuleRegistry.get` taps into the old `NativeModules` API under the hood, we need to re-export our module, to avoid registering it multiple times.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since `TurboModuleRegistry.get` taps into the old Native Modules API under the hood, we need to re-export our module, to avoid registering it multiple times.
```
